hey you guys Shana I'm one week post up
well actually I'm a little bit late
Monday would have been one week post up
I had my surgery March 12 2012 and I
don't know what the date is today to be
honest with you but today is Wednesday
and Monday was my one week mmm surgery
day I weighed two hundred and thirty
nine point four pounds and today I'm to
twenty eight point four so that's eleven
pounds since surgery day and I'm happy
about that so um before surgery I lost I
want to say ten pounds yeah ten pounds
because I was 249 before surgery like a
month prior to surgery and I did some
dieting and exercise by myself and lost
ten pounds the month before surgery
which brought me down to the 239 and now
I'm at 228 point four so um I'm very
happy about that I've been stuck at like
two 28.4 for the last like two days
though three days almost yeah three days
I've been at 228 point for and I haven't
seen the scale move at all
so I'm kind of getting irritated about
that I knew it was gonna slow down
because I lost quite a bit this first
week and I wasn't expecting it to you
know keep going at that fast of a pace
but um I hope that it does pick back up
and I can keep continuing to lose um
anyways I'm all recovered and feel a
million times better um like the first
four days I think after surgery were
pretty rough I had a lot of gasps pain
and it just wasn't going away
um it was pretty bad and I was having a
really rough time with that and now that
I'm all healed up I feel like night and
day difference million times better
the only pain that I really have is just
my incisions are a little tender still
but nothing not a big deal might go
Monday to get my staples out so after
that I should be fine so anyways I'm
gonna start incorporating exercise here
pretty soon maybe in the next week or
two I want to go back to the gym
probably in like two weeks so I'll go
back to the gym and start doing some
weights as for now probably this week
coming up or maybe even this weekend I'm
gonna do some cardio as well starting on
the treadmill and just gonna continue
doing that so that should be exciting to
see if I lose any more weight with
exercise um
and I'm sure that I will it's probably
just slowed down because I haven't been
consistent with exercising and surgery
you know I I just lost ten pounds
because I wasn't eating anything really
this this week so anyways I'll be
excited when that picks back up other
than that I've been having a hard time
getting a lot of food in I did the
liquid diet for a week and well not even
a week really maybe like five days or
four and a half five days of full
liquids and then I started slowly adding
in like yogurt and cottage cheese and
what else did I have I can't think of
anything else Oh an egg scrambled egg um
just soft stuff that I knew would
probably go down fine
and it did I wasn't worried about it um
my doctor's office doesn't recommend
that I do
soft foods yet they wanted me to be on
two weeks of liquids but it's been
really hard for me because with all
liquids I was getting really like
nauseous from the protein shakes they
were just really disgusting and I
figured that the yogurt and cottage
cheese and stuff would go down fine
because of the texture of it as long as
I chewed up the cheese and stuff really
well and that worked out good so I
didn't have any problems so other than
that I think that's about it I'm just
trying out some soft foods I can't wait
to be back on a full regular diet again
so that I can start eating my meat in
protein and not have to try and squeeze
it all in by eating yogurt and cottage
cheese and soft foods like that so it'll
be nice when I'm able to eat meat again
um really looking forward to that if you
guys could do any comments post any
comments or make more videos about like
what you guys are eating like food
blogging food diaries whatever you guys
call it if you guys could make some more
videos like that that would be awesome
because I really love watching them and
seeing what everybody else is eating to
give me ideas I've watched as many
videos as I can on food diaries but I
don't find that many people who do them
so I always like to see what everybody
else is eating and if you guys have any
good food fines of low calorie high
protein other than like chicken
obviously um go ahead and make a video
or post some pictures or just shoot me a
comment or a message also please
subscribe and I'll be making many more
videos after this one all right you guys
see you next time I check in bye bye